normal	Learn JavaScript
normal	Learn jQuery
normal	Learn AngularJS
normal	Learn JSON
normal	Learn AJAX
porn	accidental anal
porn	Friends With Benefits
normal	Dear reached railway. What happen to you
porn	Flesh On Flesh
porn	Happy Trail
normal	Depends on quality. If you want the type i sent boye, faded glory, then about 6. If you want ralphs maybe 2
normal	Top 100 Most Used Phrases in English Conversation All Ears English
normal	What do you mean? I think it sounds fine
normal	Do you know what my friend said? He’s an audio expert and he said that we need to improve it
normal	I’m Jenny. You
porn	Flirting With A Stranger
normal	I think it’s OK.
normal	Oh my gosh, I never imagined the food would be this great and I’m having a blast.
porn	Boy Next Door
normal	Oh I’m trying to figure out how to make this microphone work better. It sounds kind of strange.
porn	Guilty Pleasures
porn	After Work Drinks
normal	Do you know what my friend said? He’s an audio expert and he said that we need to improve it. I don’t know, what do you think?
normal	How do you like Japan so far?
porn	Afternoon At The Park
normal	Lindsay, what are you doing?
porn	All Day Naked
normal	Great so here are your keys and we have a complimentary continental breakfast between 7am and 10am in the lobby. Would you like a hand bringing those bags up to your room? Our bellhop can take those for you.
porn	All Night Long
normal	Enjoy your stay with us.
porn	Flirting With A Stranger
normal	REFERENCES
normal	Learn HTML
normal	HTML and CSS
normal	Learn CSS
normal	Learn W3
normal	CSS
normal	Learn Bootstrap 3
normal	Learn Colors
normal	Learn Graphics
normal	Learn Bootstrap 4
normal	Learn How To
normal	Learn Icons
normal	JavaScript
porn	Happy Trail
normal	This is an awesome podcast! It's very helpful for me! Keep on going!
normal	great ideas they'r very helpfull
normal	They'll say "here's your keycard" or "here's your key"
porn	Full HD Porn Movies
porn	French nurse Clea Gaultier in red lingerie craves cock of her patient
normal	I like this English podcast. I really like listening to you guys.
porn	Big black cock vs. French MILF Anissa Kate on POV blowjob
normal	thanks for helping us with this valorous informations
porn	Fit German blondie gets banged from behind during casting
normal	great job !! go ahead many thanks :)
porn	Asian porn star Alina Li sucks hard dick without breathing at all
normal	It's great where can I find more of such examples?
porn	Big ass MILF porn star Jenson performs her unique skills during anal sex
normal	Is there flashcards of these phrases available by any chance?
porn	Two big black cocks in threesome ready for Angela White
normal	That sounds awesome. Do you want to send me a text later in the week and let me know the time and the address?
porn	Slutty Euro moms Snow Angel and Dorothy Black get nasty in 69 pose
normal	 Cool!  Are you getting a lot of time to explore outside of work?
porn	Anal Beads
normal	 Yeah, I am in the office during the day, we have a Tokyo office but I get out around 5pm every evening so I have been going all around the city on my own.
porn	British slut Stella Cox seduces his BF and fucks him in the bathroom
normal	Well some friends and I are having a cherry blossom party this weekend at Yoyogi Park. Would you be interested in joining us?
porn	Hardcore fuck on the massage table of amateur blonde babe
porn	Asian masseuse chick Kalina Ryu and super hot Mia Malkova on massage table
porn	Petite Japanese MILF in red stockings squirts a lot at the end of masturbation
porn	Sexy escort Amarna Miller from Spain impress her British client
normal	Ok which your another number
porn	German sluts not jealous about sharing a big cock during threesome
porn	Incredible cowgirl fuck for big titted Charley Chase in stockings
normal	Hey chief, can you give me a bell when you get this. Need to talk to you about this royal visit on the 1st june. 
normal	Ok I'm gonna head up to usf in like fifteen minutes
porn	Tanned bitch Adriana Chechik proves that she is real pro squirter in POV
porn	Sexy sluts Abella Danger and Valentina Nappi reach orgasm in lesbian action
porn	Amazing amateur couple caught on spycam in hotel room
normal	Almost there, see u in a sec
normal	We’ll help you with this in today’s episode.
porn	Natural beauty MILF uses her glass dildo to reach orgasm in POV
porn	Italian porn actress Valentina Nappi invites this mandingo to fuck him
normal	A lot of you guys have said you want to sound like a native speaker.
normal	If we win its really no 1 side for long time.
porn	Naturally busty babe playing herself durin masturbation solo
porn	Curvy French porn star Anissa Kate gets her pussy eaten by lucky guy
normal	Conversing (talking) with others in English can open up a whole new world of opportunities.
porn	Anal sex lover Holly Hendrix moans while being butt fucked
normal	After you have exchanged names and greeted each other, you may go on to make some “small talk.”
porn	Terrific Latina Jade Jantzen loves drilling by big white cock
normal	Are you having a good day?
porn	First time fuck in front of camera of pretty cute Bunnie
normal	I think i've fixed it can you send a test message?
porn	Massage table sex between petite Russian teen Jenny Fer and her masseur
normal	Sorry man my account's dry or I would, if you want we could trade back half or I could buy some shit with my credit card
porn	Spanish mistress dominates her man and tries BDSM things on him
normal	Sorry,in meeting I'll call later
porn	Ebony cutie takes big cock in her black pussy in POV style fuck
normal	Are you free now?can i call now?
porn	Blonde Spanish babe Daniela Dadivoso doing nasty things in public
porn	Blonde bitch Dakota takes two cocks at once in hardcore double penetration
porn	Perfect teen babe takes of her sexy panties to masturbate
normal	I'm tired of arguing with you about this week after week. Do what you want and from now on, i'll do the same.
normal	Ü wait 4 me in sch i finish ard 5..
normal	Arngd marriage is while u r walkin unfortuntly a snake bites u. bt love marriage is dancing in frnt of d snake &amp; sayin Bite me, bite me.
porn	At The Concert
porn	Away On Business
porn	Be My Guest
normal	I'm in a meeting, call me later at
porn	Backseat
normal	Its a valentine game. . . Send dis msg to all ur friends. .. If 5 answers r d same then someone really loves u. Ques- which colour suits me the best?rply me
normal	I have many dependents
porn	Bare Back
normal	You still at grand prix?
normal	I met you as a stranger and choose you as my friend. As long as the world stands, our friendship never ends. Lets be Friends forever!!! Gud nitz...
normal	Gud mrng dear have a nice day
porn	Bases Covered
normal	TaKe CaRE n gET WeLL sOOn
normal	It's fine, imma get a drink or somethin. Want me to come find you?
normal	what I meant to say is cant wait to see u again getting bored of this bridgwater banter
porn	Bite Me
normal	How many licks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop?
normal	Yup i thk they r e teacher said that will make my face look longer. Darren ask me not 2 cut too short.
porn	Body Oil
porn	Body Piercing
porn	Booty Call
normal	Oh that was a forwarded message. I thought you send that to me
normal	I HAVE A DATE ON SUNDAY WITH WILL!!
porn	Breast Sex
porn	Breath On Neck
porn	Broad Daylight
porn	Broken Bed
normal	Eh u remember how 2 spell his name... Yes i did. He v naughty make until i v wet.
normal	Oh k...i'm watching here:)
porn	Bubblegum Flavored
normal	Is that seriously how you spell his name?
porn	Burning Desire
normal	I‘m going to try for 2 months ha ha only joking
normal	So ü pay first lar... Then when is da stock comin...
normal	So ü pay first lar... Then when is da stock comin...
normal	Aft i finish my lunch then i go str down lor. Ard 3 smth lor. U finish ur lunch already?
porn	Busted Zipper
normal	Finished class where are you.
normal	K..k:)where are you?how did you performed?
porn	Campfire
porn	Carpet Burns
porn	Perfect teen babe takes of her sexy panties to masturbate
normal	You will be in the place of that man
normal	Sorry, I'll call later
porn	Casual Sex
normal	I call you later, don't have network. If urgnt, sms me.
normal	For real when u getting on yo? I only need 2 more tickets and one more jacket and I'm done. I already used all my multis.
porn	Caught Red Handed
normal	Yes I started to send requests to make it but pain came back so I'm back in bed. Double coins at the factory too. I gotta cash in all my nitros.
normal	I'm really not up to it still tonight babe
porn	Celebrity Hookup
normal	Ela kano.,il download, come wen ur free..
porn	Take the YouPorn Couples Chemistry Quiz
porn	right? Join Youporn Premium and never look back
porn	Retro amateur cocksucking oldman dick
porn	Sexy sporty girl facecum
porn	Due giovani Russe provocanti vengono brutalmente fottute in culo
porn	Wife leaves and busty woman fucks him
normal	Yeah do! Don‘t stand to close tho- you‘ll catch something!
porn	Champagne
normal	Sorry to be a pain. Is it ok if we meet another night? I spent late afternoon in casualty and that means i haven't done any of y stuff42moro and that includes all my time sheets and that. Sorry
porn	Childhood Sweetheart
normal	What is the plural of the noun research?
normal	Going for dinner.msg you after.
porn	Climax
normal	I'm ok wif it cos i like 2 try new things. But i scared u dun like mah. Cos u said not too loud.
porn	Chocolate Sauce
porn	French nurse Clea Gaultier in red lingerie craves cock of her patient
normal	No no. I will check all rooms befor activities
normal	He is there. You call and meet him
normal	Sir, Waiting for your mail.
porn	Close Shave
normal	A swt thought: "Nver get tired of doing little things 4 lovable persons.." Coz..somtimes those little things occupy d biggest part in their Hearts.. Gud ni8
normal	I know you are. Can you pls open the back?
normal	Yes see ya not on the dot
porn	College Professor
normal	Whats the staff name who is taking class for us?
normal	Sindu got job in birla soft ..
normal	FreeMsg Why haven't you replied to my text? I'm Randy, sexy, female and live local. Luv to hear from u. Netcollex Ltd 08700621170150p per msg reply Stop to end
porn	Kaci Star Gets Drilled And Cummed On
porn	Blowjobs - Christy Charming sucks off two guys in this hot threesome
porn	TeenPies - Teen Gets Creampied On Pinball Table
porn	Sex with Rino Sakuragi in amazing Asian bondage
porn	Sexy dance Contest with Girls Flashing their Tits
porn	Come Again
porn	Massage table sex between petite Russian teen Jenny Fer and her masseur
normal	Yup i thk cine is better cos no need 2 go down 2 plaza mah.
normal	The wine is flowing and i'm i have nevering..
porn	Two Horny Babes Eating Pussy Each Other
porn	LesbianX Tori Black and Aidra Fox INSANE Animal Chemistry
porn	HOT striptease by sexy czech chic
porn	Hot Brunette Having Two Cocks For Outdoor Picnic
porn	Cumstastic Elis Diamond And Bisexuals
normal	Ok... Ur typical reply...
porn	Convention After Party
normal	What time you coming down later?
normal	I'm leaving my house now...
normal	Well, i'm gonna finish my bath now. Have a good...fine night.
normal	Bloody hell, cant believe you forgot my surname Mr . Ill give u a clue, its spanish and begins with m...
porn	Crack The Whip
porn	Blonde bitch Dakota takes two cocks at once in hardcore double penetration
normal	Let me know when you've got the money so carlos can make the call
normal	Turns out my friends are staying for the whole show and won't be back til ~ &lt;#&gt; , so feel free to go ahead and smoke that $ &lt;#&gt;  worth
normal	U still going to the mall?
porn	Crashing Waves
normal	Lol no. U can trust me.
normal	ok. I am a gentleman and will treat you with dignity and respect.
porn	Creaky Staircase
porn	Creaky Wood Floor
normal	He will, you guys close?
normal	Hello handsome ! Are you finding that job ? Not being lazy ? Working towards getting back that net for mummy ? Where's my boytoy now ? Does he miss me ?
normal	Yeah you should. I think you can use your gt atm now to register. Not sure but if there's anyway i can help let me know. But when you do be sure you are ready.
porn	Crime of Passion
porn	Crisp White Sheets
porn	Creaking Bed
normal	Alright i have a new goal now
normal	FREE entry into our £250 weekly competition just text the word WIN to 80086 NOW. 18 T&C www.txttowin.co.uk
normal	Alright, I'll head out in a few minutes, text me where to meet you
porn	Crowded Movie Theater
porn	Darkest Desire
normal	FREE MESSAGE Activate your 500 FREE Text Messages by replying to this message with the word FREE For terms & conditions, visit www.07781482378.com
normal	Dear reached railway. What happen to you
porn	Daydream Becomes Reality
porn	Dirty Little Secret
porn	Dirty Talk
normal	Nope... Think i will go for it on monday... Sorry i replied so late
normal	Kate jackson rec center before 7ish, right?
porn	Terrific Latina Jade Jantzen loves drilling by big white cock
normal	+123 Congratulations - in this week's competition draw u have won the £1450 prize to claim just call 09050002311 b4280703. T&Cs/stop SMS 08718727868. Over 18 only 150ppm
normal	Boltblue tones for 150p Reply POLY# or MONO# eg POLY3 1. Cha Cha Slide 2. Yeah 3. Slow Jamz 6. Toxic 8. Come With Me or STOP 4 more tones txt MORE
normal	Your credits have been topped up for http://www.bubbletext.com Your renewal Pin is tgxxrz
porn	Dominant
porn	Down and Dirty
normal	URGENT!: Your Mobile No. was awarded a £2,000 Bonus Caller Prize on 02/09/03! This is our 2nd attempt to contact YOU! Call 0871-872-9755 BOX95QU
normal	I've not called you in a while. This is hoping it was l8r malaria and that you know that we miss you guys. I miss Bani big, so pls give her my love especially. Have a great day
normal	Gudnite....tc...practice going on
porn	Dripping Chocolate
porn	Embarrassing Moment
normal	Ok give me 5 minutes I think I see her. BTW you're my alibi. You were cutting my hair the whole time.
normal	Sure, if I get an acknowledgement from you that it's astoundingly tactless and generally faggy to demand a blood oath fo
normal	O. Well uv causes mutations. Sunscreen is like essential thesedays
porn	Exchanging Favors
porn	Exes Wedding
normal	Yar lor wait 4 my mum 2 finish sch then have lunch lor... I whole morning stay at home clean my room now my room quite clean... Hee...
normal	Waiting for your call.
porn	Exposed Cleavage
porn	Face To Face
porn	Family Reunion
normal	Nope i waiting in sch 4 daddy... 
normal	I'm tired of arguing with you about this week after week. Do what you want and from now on, i'll do the same.
porn	Fast And Furious
porn	Fisted Hair
normal	I'm going out to buy mum's present ar.
normal	If u sending her home first it's ok lor. I'm not ready yet.
normal	Find out your English level
porn	Flavored Massage Oil
normal	Take our free online English test and start learning now!
normal	Getting started
porn	Flesh On Flesh
normal	Skills
normal	Do you want to improve your English? Find out how to get the most out of our free website.
porn	Flirting With A Stranger
normal	Grammar and vocabulary
normal	EXAMPLES
normal	ANGULAR
normal	XML
normal	MORE
normal	CSS
normal	JQUERY
normal	W3
normal	HOW TO
porn	Fondling
normal	Do these exercises and learn the names of some common vegetables.
normal	Rob and Adam see what you have to say about politeness, and Emily and Carolina discuss a certain boy...
porn	Food Fight
normal	Have you ever taken your dog to a job interview? Find out what happens to Ashlie
porn	Fit German blondie gets banged from behind during casting
porn	Asian porn star Alina Li sucks hard dick without breathing at all
porn	Big ass MILF porn star Jenson performs her unique skills during anal sex
normal	BOOTSTRAP
normal	SQL
normal	PHP
normal	JAVASCRIPT
normal	CSS
porn	Two big black cocks in threesome ready for Angela White
normal	Will Simon and Arunima find love on their romantic first date together? Watch as Arunima explains what dating is like for her as a wheelchair user.
normal	Welcome to LearnEnglish
porn	Forbidden Love
porn	Foreplay Only
porn	Fresh Strawberries
porn	Friends With Benefits
normal	HELP & SUPPORT
normal	LearnEnglish is brought to you by the British Council, the world's English teaching experts. If you want to learn English, you've come to the right place! We have hundreds of high-quality resources to help improve your English. Read about how to use the site, take our level test or find a face-to-face or online course near you.
porn	Getting Lost
normal	Need more help with your English?
porn	Porn Rape Tube
porn	brutal home movies
porn	xxx violence
porn	Porn NetworkPorn Rape TvRape in Porn
porn	it's online collection videos about rape porn
porn	forced sex and sexual violence
porn	Our tube contain mainy categories of rape porn
porn	rare amateur brutal movies
porn	Russian Rape Porn
porn	best FREE PORN sites
normal	HTML
normal	THE WORLD'S LARGEST WEB DEVELOPER SITE
normal	w3schools
normal	PHP 5 Tutorial
